All right.
So the first thing we're going to do is to add two more brand colors to our tailwind dot config gorgeous
file.
So let me go ahead and open that up.
And as always, we can imagine that a designer will give us a mock or a sketch of the feature that they'd
like to build.
So what we just saw in the browser and from that we can speculate which colors we're going to need.
So for this section, we're going to need to add two more gray colors, and I'm going to call them brand
gray two and brand gray three to distinguish them from this existing gray color.
So I'm going to add them right below here in this colors object as we know, the property or the key
is important because tailwind is going to generate a bunch of cases, classes for us based on this name
and then the value is going to be the value for those color related classes.
So as I mentioned, we're going to call this brand gray, too, and the value is going to be hashtag
f8f9fa.
So a little bit of a different gray color right here.
And as a reminder, as always, these colors are coming directly from or inspired by the Google Careers
website template.
So right here, we'll add another gray.
It's going to be brand gray three and this is going to be hashtag or hexadecimal 808.
And then 68 B and don't forget the comma right here.
That is a very dark gray.
All right.
And that's all we need to do.
Your view app should recompile.
If for some reason this doesn't work.
Remember, you can shut down the running view seal AI app in your terminal and restart it with NPM run
serv and that should incorporate all the latest changes.
The only reason it may break at that point is if you have a typo or something like that in this file,
but sometimes it just doesn't compile quite right on the moment.
That's fine.
Just shut it down and restart it.
And you should see the View app again in your browser if there are no typos and it will incorporate
these new colors.
And from that point forward, you can use those tailwind utility classes.
They will exist automatically.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.